MARK SCHLERETH:
What are these owners saying
when they allow turds like this
back on their roster?
Don't you look dapper.
Time to part ways with Kisan.
-♪ (MUSIC PLAYS) ♪
-I was right.
Don't focus
on other people's misery.
SPENCER STRASMORE:
I made the decision to part ways
with Kisan Teague.
I feel so alive!
Hey, make the bed before you go.
Why?
Dude, I love your radio show.
What you think about me
calling them fools out?
Man, everyone's gotta get
the truth.
STRASMORE: You wanna come at me,
I'm right here.
Just know that I'm the players'
best ally going into the CBA.
-Are you okay, boss?
-(EXHALES)
Yeah, just having some kind
of attack.
I know who you are,
Kisan Teague.
-You got cut.
-What you say, bro?
(PEOPLE PANICKING)
♪ (MUSIC CONCLUDES) ♪
[TV static drones]
[bright tone]
[Lil Wayne's "Right Above It"]
- Kane is in the building.
[mid-tempo hip-hop music]
♪ ♪
- ♪ Now tell me
how you love it ♪
♪ You know
you're at the top ♪
♪ When only heaven's
right above it ♪
♪ We on ♪
♪ 'Cause we on ♪
♪ Who else is really trying
to fuck with Hollywood Cole ♪
♪ I'm with Marley G, bro ♪
♪ Flying Hollygrove chicks
to my Hollywood shows ♪
♪ And I wanna tell
you something ♪
♪ That you
probably should know ♪
♪ This that
"Slumdog Millionaire" ♪
♪ Bollywood flow ♪
♪ And, uh, my real friends
never hearing from me ♪
♪ Fake friends write the wrong
answers on the mirror for me ♪
♪ That's why
I pick and choose ♪
♪ I don't get shit confused ♪
♪ Don't like my women single ♪
♪ I like my chicks in twos ♪
♪ And these days, all
the girls is down to roll ♪
♪ I hit the strip club, and
all them bitches find a pole ♪
♪ Plus I been sipping, so this
shit is moving kinda slow ♪
♪ Just tell my girl
to tell her friend ♪
♪ That it's time to go ♪
[indistinct shouting]
- So it is not an end
for our dear brother, Kisan.
Our dear son and nephew,
neighbor, friend,
and teammate Kisan.
The life
of the spirit-eternal has
no four quarters
or a halftime show.
It is a spirit
that we can feel
and touch and speak to...
whenever we close our eyes
or feel the breeze or fumble
or triumph.
We must think of this
not as the end of a game,
but as the beginning
of a new life.
For through Him, our life
and our love is eternal
and everlasting.
Can I get an amen?
all: Amen!
- ♪ I'm climbing ♪
choir:
♪ I'm climbing ♪
- ♪ Higher mountains ♪
choir: ♪ Higher mountains ♪
- ♪ Trying to get home ♪
choir: ♪ Trying to get home ♪
- ♪ I'm climbing ♪
choir: ♪ I'm climbing ♪
- ♪ Higher mountains ♪
choir: ♪ Higher mountains ♪
- ♪ Trying to get home ♪
choir: ♪ Trying to get home ♪
- ♪ And I'm climbing ♪
choir: ♪ Climbing ♪
- ♪ Oh ♪
choir: ♪ Climbing, climbing ♪
- ♪ Every day ♪
choir: ♪ Climbing ♪
- I hate fucking funerals.
I hate grieving.
- ♪ Higher mountains ♪
choir: ♪ Higher mountains ♪
- You don't like to feel?
- Actually,
I don't feel anything.
That's the problem.
- I'm the same way, brother.
It shows that we care.
choir: ♪ Flying higher ♪
- ♪ Oh, higher ♪
[phone buzzes]
choir: ♪ Flying higher ♪
- ♪ Oh, higher ♪
- ♪ Higher and higher ♪
choir: ♪ Flying higher ♪
- ♪ Yeah, higher ♪
- ♪ Higher and higher ♪
choir: ♪ Flying higher ♪
- ♪ Oh, higher ♪
- ♪ Higher and higher ♪
choir: ♪ Flying higher ♪
- Bossman.
- How was the service?
- It was intense.
- I remember the first guy
I lost.
D-back with all the tools,
all set to be a star
till he slid his car
off the road.
Well, they feel like your kids,
but they aren't.
So the owners meeting
is tomorrow.
- And?
- I need to know
where you stand.
- On my own two feet.
- 18 games is gonna be good
for the players.
- How would you know?
You're not a player.
- Neither are you anymore.
They're gonna get two more
game checks,
and we're gonna expand
the salary cap.
- Yeah, you're gonna make a lot
more money for yourselves.
- For everyone.
I'm a hard-ass,
but I'm not heartless.
- I'll let you know
when I know.
Just remember,
I might not be a player,
but I'm a players' owner.
Deacon Eller.
- Spencer Strasmore.
I'd tell you to stop
following me around
and dogging my footsteps,
but I heard you got yourself
a team.
Congratulations.
- I appreciate that.
You know, I'd love to have you
on the sidelines.
- No, I'm too old and crusty
to be fooling around
with those young kids
with all that piss and vinegar.
No, thank you.
- Sure.
If you change your mind,
I'd love to have you.
- Appreciate.
- Waiting for somebody?
- Just a cab.
[upbeat hip-hop music]
- Legends don't take cabs.
- [grunts]
I don't know about you,
but I'm feeling kind
of fucked up
that we didn't go
to Kisan's thing earlier.
- I told you
I don't do funerals.
They freak me out.
Next one I go to
gonna be my own.
- Better believe I'll be
at that one.
- Hey, man, don't bring
that shit up again, man.
- Okay.
- Hey.
Guess who's on
the motherfucking
WAG shit list.
- What'd you do?
- My guess is,
she talking about you, nigga.
- So I ran into a few
of the players' wives today
at SoulCycle.
They snubbed me,
told me to tell my husband
he need to be more careful
with his words.
- Bet it's good
for your workout,
pedaling all mad
and angry and shit.
- [laughs]
- You know what?
Seriously, Ricky, I'll put up
with whatever I have to
put up with
if you're really committed.
But if this is some kind
of sidepiece...
- I'm pretty good at it.
- Pretty good?
This nigga's filthy.
Give me ten.
- Well, why don't you use
those big mouths
to help the players out
instead of just
tearing 'em down?
- Shit gotta be funny, though.
We ain't doing edutainment.
- Our show does need
to say something, though.
- Don't overreach.
Stick to sex and money.
That shit sells.
- Well, you ass-backwards
as usual,
but you know,
you might be onto something.
I got an idea.
Yo, get Joe Krutel on the show.
- Fuck that goofy white boy
gonna bring to the party?
- Trust me on this, bro.
- All right, man.
Domino, motherfucker.
- Nigga, that ain't domino.
- I called his office,
like, three times.
It's getting absurd.
His assistant keeps saying
he doesn't know where he is,
but I know that fucker's there.
- He's ducking me,
hoping that I'm gonna move on
from Kamara.
That way he doesn't have to
take him my "Godfather" offer.
- Isn't that an agent's job,
to take their clients offers?
- Yep, but nobody does
what they're supposed to do.
- I do.
- Too bad nobody notices.
[grunts]
- Look, I've been trying
to find the right time
to tell you this.
I got another job offer,
from the Browns.
- You thought this was
the right time?
- Are my instincts off?
- I don't know, Benny.
You tell me.
I got a wife I never see,
a hole in the offense...
oh, I got a boss
who absolutely hates my guts,
and I'm $3 billion over budget
on the stadium!
All that, I don't even got
my own deal locked up yet.
So maybe
it ain't the right time!
- Forget I said anything.
- [breathing heavy]
- You okay, boss?
- Yeah, I'm good.
Just something I ate
ain't sitting right, I think.
But look...
[grunts]
[exhales]
Can't feel my hands.
It's all right, though.
Kamara's gonna come through
and Julie and Kiki run...
- Boss, boss,
you don't seem okay.
- Oh, my God.
[panting]
I think I'm having a stroke.
- Jesus.
Do you want me to call 911?
- No!
No, nope.
Ain't gonna let Werner witness
me carted off
out of here like some kind
of loser.
Drive myself.
[ragged exhale]
[lively hip-hop music]
♪ ♪
- You need to come on
Ricky's show with me today.
- I prefer to lurk
in the shadows.
It's safer there.
- It's good place to plug
our shop.
Plus, I need the support.
- I believe in you, maestro.
Besides, I just buried
a 28-year-old,
and it's mine and Donna's
two-year anniversary tonight.
- Oh, God, that sucks.
Not your anniversary,
of course.
Kisan.
God, two years, huh?
I can't believe it.
What's the world coming to?
- Probably to an end,
'cause I'm not bringing a ring.
- Well, at least Donna knows
what she wants,
and for some fucking reason
that's you.
- Yeah, yeah.
I'm a lucky fuck.
I know Donna's amazing,
I just don't believe
in marriage.
- It's not
the fucking Tooth Fairy.
It's a centuries-old
institution.
- It's an institution
that doesn't work.
Look, I gotta go check in
on Kisan's family.
Do not embarrass us
on this show.
- Well, if you really
gave a shit about that,
you'd come on, wouldn't you?
Good-bye.
- Cute, you boys always do
a little a.m.
relationship check-in
before breakfast?
- Yeah, I guess.
Maybe.
So what?
What's the matter with that?
- Mm, you know,
I never use the C-word
before I have my coffee.
Commitment.
- Oh.
Oh, well, then, hey,
let's get you caffeinated, huh?
Here you go.
Three cups enough?
- Oh, Joe, no.
Um...uh, this isn't that,
if that's what you were
thinking it is.
I should tell you it isn't.
- Yeah, no.
No, I wasn't--I wasn't
thinking anything, just--
- I think this is fun.
I think you're a good dude,
solid zaddy vibes
despite some borderline
tendencies.
- Yeah.
Yeah.
I mean, you know, this is just
a thing, not a thing.
- A thing, not a thing, right.
- Yeah.
- Glad we're on the same page.
- Yeah, me too.
Me too.
Totally.
- Okay.
- Now, Spence,
don't expect too much.
It's small, but I call it home.
- You know I never judge a man
by the size of his house.
- Well, says the man
who probably lives in a palace.
- [chuckles]
- Hey, you want a cold drink?
- Yeah, I'd love one.
- Take a peek in the fridge.
I'll take an orange drink.
- How's your body feeling?
- Just another long day
after a long life.
I got the wear and tear
to prove it, buddy.
- Yeah, I know you do.
So do I.
I always meant to ask you,
Deacon,
back in the day, who was
your toughest challenge?
- [laughs]
John Hannah.
That fucking head slap of his,
my ears are still ringing, man.
Oh, he was a bitch.
- [laughs]
Yeah, but I remember
you tossing him around
like a little toddler.
- But I got news for you.
It wasn't my strength.
It was my fucking fear.
[chuckles]
- That's right.
And what you thought was fear
was actually
your head trying to keep
your body alive.
- Yeah.
I'm one of the lucky ones,
I guess.
- Yeah, you and me both.
- Mm-hmm.
It'll be interesting to see
how this plays out, buddy.
- Mm.
I've been thinking about that.
How do you want
this whole thing to end?
- In a lot less pain
than it began, brother.
A lot less pain.
- Greetings, Obi-Wan.
We are sitting here
holding our lightsabers,
eagerly awaiting you.
- Mm-hmm.
[chuckles]
I am prepared to give you
this check
for $2 million
for your e-dreams.
- That's it, $2 million?
- Wait, this won't even cover
the franchise fee.
- That's a half step
in a two-step game.
- Maybe I'll finance it myself.
- No you won't, mate.
- I suggest you take it.
- Signing players,
it's gonna be impossible.
- Well, then you're gonna
have to find
some diamonds in the rough,
huh?
- You're still not a believer.
- Of course I am.
I'm very much a believer,
and my check is very much
a believer as well.
- You'll regret it.
- Is that a threat, Reggie?
- It's conviction.
- [shushing]
We will take your paltry
$2 million check.
Don't worry.
I know where to find
some rough diamonds.
[upbeat hip-hop music]
- ♪ Now these days ♪
♪ Really caught up
in the city ♪
[game whooshing, rumbling]
- Fight breaks out
in the middle lane,
and it is total carnage.
Them in fact
losing this one outright.
The next is certain to fall.
the Hanson brothers
just cannot buy a win.
What a terrible look
for the three brothers.
- They always start shit
with me, but in the end,
I always fucking win.
- Yeah, well, if you consider
being kicked out of the league
to live amidst cereal
and masturbation,
then yeah, you're a champion,
mate.
- Shit happens.
It doesn't mean I'm happy
about it.
- Listen, I'm here to offer you
a path back to glory.
- I'm listening.
- Squad up with us.
- I'm a loner, Dottie, okay?
A rebel.
I don't do teams anymore.
- Seems like you don't do much
from the looks of it.
- You ripping on my lifestyle?
- If that's what you call it.
- Are you funded?
- Fully.
- Already?
- Vernon got deep pockets.
- And you can
get my ban lifted?
- Yo, we can cover your fines
in cash.
- That's some flex.
- Whatever you guys need,
we got you.
- "You guys"?
Wait a second.
You're not talking
to my brothers, are you?
- What?
No.
Maybe.
Yes.
But listen, hear me out.
I know you're in some kind
of fraternal fatwa
with those guys,
and I know what it's like.
I once sold my brother's dog
for a bag of crack.
Turned out to be geodes
from the science museum,
very valuable,
not at all smoke-able.
But my point is this:
it's time for you to grow up.
- We're talking
to your brothers as well.
- What'd they say?
- They said they'll sit down
and talk about it if you will.
- I don't fucking believe you.
It sounds suss.
They said that?
- 100.
- I'll get right to it,
Charles.
I'm not one for bedside manner.
The scans are showing
you had two heart attacks.
- Two?
- Mild,
but still heart attacks.
- Excuse me, doc.
I didn't know it was possible
to have one,
let alone two heart attacks
and not even know it.
- Well, think of your heart
like a fault line.
- I'd rather not.
- The big one could be
right around the bend.
- You trying to scare me
straight or something?
- Somebody needs to.
What's your diet like?
- I don't remember.
I lost my appetite.
- Stress?
- Yeah, yeah, there's some.
This is definitely adding
to it.
- Family life?
- Bit lonely,
wish they were here right now.
- You're gonna be okay,
Charles.
You're gonna need to take
a few months off.
Is that gonna be possible?
- [exhales]
- Can you say awkward?
- I'm just thinking about
what you said this morning.
- Just now?
- Yeah,
that's right and before.
Kinda all day.
- So you've been obsessing?
- No.
I don't know.
What qualifies as an obsession?
- Look, you better get
your shit together,
because Odell's coming
any minute.
- Odell?
- Yeah.
- Wow, you guys are on
a first name basis, huh?
- With every client
we're partnered with.
- Yeah, okay.
- Joe, stop it.
- Yeah.
- It's a bad look.
- Why is he coming in anyway,
huh?
Is he gonna fire us already?
- OBJ!
Good to see you.
- Wow, love that outfit.
- Fuck off, Joe.
- Okay.
- You need to pay
more attention to your work
and less on my 'fit.
There's no
fucking progress reports,
not even a mood board.
You know I make one
for every game?
- That's new information.
- We apologize.
Things have gotten
a little delayed.
- Listen, y'all,
my shit needs to run tight.
- Absolutely.
That's why I was up all night
making this presentation.
Check this out.
Been burning the midnight oil
with the starchitect
and designers.
- Shit looks good.
Is that so fucking hard?
- We're just getting started.
You know what?
Why don't we order in,
talk about it over dinner?
- Yeah, let's do that.
- Yeah.
I can make that.
Sure.
Let's do it.
- My dad always told me
in order to get what you want,
the first thing
you need to do is ask.
It's simple but essential.
- Is this call gonna have
a happy ending,
or do I have to hit
the Orchids of Asia Day Spa?
- I'd steer clear
of the human trafficking jokes
if I were you.
You have the kind of face
that says "guilty as charged."
- Damn straight I do,
and I don't apologize.
So, what's this vote
gonna cost me?
- Depends.
How badly do you want
that 18-game season?
- All right, let's hear it.
- ♪ What's the matter
with my brain ♪
♪ I can't think clear ♪
- Now, didn't I tell you
they weren't gonna show up?
Didn't I tell you?
My brothers' words are
as good as shit.
- Mate, they're, like,
three minutes late.
That's 180 seconds.
- Yeah, sucks to this shit.
I'ma ghost.
- No.
- Okay, I'ma ghost.
- No, don't ghost.
He's ghosting.
Wha--
[Onyx's "Atak of da Bal-Hedz"]
♪ Conflicts get deaded ♪
♪ Gats in back
of baseball caps ♪
♪ When I react ♪
♪ Six rascals'll have
to get stacked ♪
♪ It's attack
of the bald heads ♪
- 'Sup?
- Hey.
- Yo.
- You two showed up together?
- Saw him outside.
- You showed.
- Appears that way.
- These guys are clowns, huh?
- [chuckles]
Yeah.
- Drink?
- Why not?
♪ ♪
- Iced teas.
both: Three lemons.
- [clears throat]
- You talk to Mom?
- Yeah, I talk to Mom.
Why?
She tell you something?
- I mean, this looks promising.
- They're talking.
That's a start.
- Oh, you think I'm scared
to say shit to your face.
- No, no, don't do this.
Don't put this on me, okay?
Oh, hey, ladies.
- What's up, boys?
- I'm Lamar.
- Lavar.
- And I'm Lazar.
- Let me guess.
You're the youngest.
You're the oldest.
- And you look like you didn't
get enough attention.
- Keen insight.
- Well, awareness is the key
to real wisdom.
- Yeah, what's the key
to making money?
- All right, listen.
Y'all want something to drink?
We ordering right...
- What's up, bro?
- Oh, shit.
- Wait.
Hold on, hold on, hold on.
- Wait a minute.
- That's my girl.
- You want these nerds to get
stomped?
- No, this could be
team-building.
- Well,
that's my little brother.
- Who'd he hit?
Who'd he hit?
Okay, they're doing okay.
[all shouting, grunting]
- Taking you outside.
- Yes, bravo.
- Good, man?
- We're good.
- Fight the power.
- Yeah.
[elevator dings]
- Charles!
- Benny, what the hell
are you doing here?
- Good news.
- I just had two heart attacks,
so you gotta chill out
otherwise the news ain't gonna
stay good.
- Oh, God, that's terrible.
- Yeah.
Well, what's the good news?
- Kamara is in.
- What?
Yes!
- Hey!
Okay.
- Your heart, your heart.
- Heart is good.
What happened?
- He fired his agent.
- [laughs]
[Clayjay's "Ride"]
- Next time I come by,
you gotta have my office
set up.
Nice flatty, stripper poles.
Oh, yeah, don't forget the pics
of my mom and dad.
- Ha, what a good son you are.
- Thank you.
I never forget
where I came from.
- Fo' sho.
Miami Beach.
- Yeah, don't try so hard.
♪ ♪
- [exhales]
"Fo' sho."
Come on.
All right, well, we did it.
- Okay.
- Good.
- I'm just gonna...
- Yeah, yeah.
- Um, listen--
- Look.
Okay.
- No, you go.
- Oh, I was just gonna say
I--I don't want this
to be uncomfortable.
- For me or for you?
- Yeah, I was talking about me,
for sure.
But yes, yes.
I'm sorry for putting you
in this position.
- Joe, I'm a big girl,
and I appreciate the apology.
But you didn't put me
in any position
I didn't wanna be put in,
and don't make a joke.
- I'm not gonna make a joke,
even if it writes itself.
I can think of five.
- You're a good guy, Joe.
Can I give you
some constructive criticism?
- Yeah, sure.
- Jealousy isn't cute.
In fact,
it's a sign of weakness
and kind of just lame
and gross.
- Noted.
- Come on, look around.
Self-esteem should not be
an issue of yours.
- Oh, no,
parents do that to you.
Yeah.
Oh, they fucked me up.
- Either way, underneath
a giant layer of insecurity,
you're a really brave,
really solid guy.
But clearly,
we're not a good fit.
So let's just get focused
on the work
and do the best job we can
for OBJ and the others.
- Right.
- Okay?
- Yeah, all right.
Deal.
- Okay.
- Yeah.
Should we shake on it
or...I don't know.
- High five.
- High...
- Fist bump.
- [imitates explosion]
That was a lame pound.
See you tomorrow.
- Just--I'll see you tomorrow.
- Okay, bye.
- Yeah.
- ♪ We too old for games,
too young for titles ♪
♪ Too grown to play,
but context is vital ♪
♪ Give it to me, baby,
give it to me ♪
[indistinct chatter]
- Cheers.
[soft romantic music]
What are you looking for?
- Nothing.
I'm just checking out
the fucking bubbles.
Is that a problem?
♪ ♪
- Thanks.
Mmm.
♪ ♪
- All right, y'all.
The owners are voting
on a 18-game season tomorrow.
- Are you nervous?
- Oh, no, I'm just going
through a tough breakup.
That's all.
- Oh.
- And I'm building
a multi-million-dollar complex,
and I don't know anything
about construction, so...
- Mm-hmm.
Yeah, we're all going through
something.
Chin up, buttercup.
Let's go.
- All right.
- 18 games means
two more weeks
throwing down with my boys.
- Uh, that's more hurt
on the players.
- That's y'all's job, though,
right?
- My man, what do you do?
- I sell phones, bro.
- Now that's cool, man.
That's a really good,
honest job.
But what if I told you
you had to work more days?
- To get paid?
I'd do it.
- Thought so.
Now what if I told you
that you're a coal miner
or a logger or an iron worker?
The more days you work,
the more risk you are to lose
like, a leg
or fall into a hot cauldron.
- I guess I wouldn't be down.
- I mean, these guys,
they just working-class people
bringing their hard hats
to work every day,
just like you.
- Thank y'all for listening.
- Joe!
- We gonna hit y'all
with the old school,
the new school,
and the no school takes.
Next up is financial guru,
and Sports X CEO,
Mr. Joe Krutel.
- Oh!
- It's good to see you guys.
It's like a fucking
Jackson Browne concert in here.
Jesus.
- Jackson who?
- Ah, come on, T.
Diversify yourself.
Joe, you look good, man.
Tell the people
why you're here.
What you been up to, man?
- Low-key dominating.
- Oh, word?
Low-key, low-key.
- Yeah, yeah, yeah.
He's humble about it.
- Yeah, my company, Sports X,
is expanding in every space
that is a space,
total and holistic.
Just signed up OBJ.
Maybe you heard of him.
- OBJ?
Oh, name drop.
Big money.
I guess that means
my former agent
and your partner's
working out, huh?
- Jason's doing great, yeah.
It's good to have him around.
He's working on all things
Patrick Mahomes right now.
That's the second name drop.
- You just keep dropping
'em all.
- What are you doing?
- Oh, I'm sorry.
Am I a distraction?
Is our relationship
getting in the way
of your precious
sports radio time?
- That is my partner
who is discussing the deal
that is gonna pay
for our future.
- What future?
- Okay.
You know what?
I know what this is.
I saw you digging through
the tiramisu
like Indiana fucking Jones.
Listen, I...
I don't have
a ring for you.
- Who says I would even
say yes now?
- You're bluffing.
- I don't even know
if I wanna get married,
much less to you.
In fact, I don't even know
if this relationship works
at all.
Jesus, what the fuck
are you doing?
- Let's get married.
- Fuck you.
- No, come on.
I'm serious.
- You're serious?
- I'm fucking serious.
- I thought you don't believe
in marriage.
- I don't,
and it's never gonna work.
I just don't have the energy
to fight it anymore.
So if it's gonna fail,
I want it to fail with you,
because I fucking love you.
- You're a fucking maniac.
- I'm your maniac.
- ♪ I ain't trying
to rush things ♪
♪ But it's been a while now ♪
- Is the deal done?
Tell us!
- It's a safe space here, man.
- Okay, yeah, right.
Okay.
This is what I'll tell ya.
The deal's almost done.
It's gonna be the biggest
contract in history.
- Whoo-whoo!
- Ooh.
- Number three, people are
gonna lost their shit.
- Wow.
Wow, we're going historical
like you said.
So you saying is it, you know,
bigger than Danger-Russ?
- Oh, yeah.
- Bigger than Wince?
- Yeah.
Actually, you know,
the only reason
it wouldn't be bigger...
- Oh, he's got the look
in his eye.
- Oh, shit.
- He's got the look in his eye.
Break it down for us, brother.
That platform's yours.
Break it down.
- [clears throat]
Spencer Strasmore is
a greedy fucking pig.
both: Oh!
- He said it!
You heard it right here.
Joe Krutel said it.
- Spencer, your boy.
Okay,
since you're speaking freely,
my free brother,
what do you think
Spencer thinks about
the new 18-game season?
- I don't know how he feels.
I'm players only.
- Oh, shit.
Get this man
his honorary black card.
- I've been waiting for
my application to be approved
for a long time.
[laughter]
- ♪ If you ask me nice ♪
♪ I'll light to you
in a thousand dice ♪
♪ Easy to see,
like a dangling light ♪
♪ Ooh ♪
- Candace.
- Oh, Spencer.
You ready?
- What for?
- To officially become
part of the machine.
- Well, in order to fix
something broke,
you gotta get inside it.
- Bossman told me
what your asking price was:
lifetime healthcare.
Ambitious.
- Well,
if you're not being ambitious,
then you're not trying.
- The man of the hour.
- Bossman.
Shall we get this over with?
- Y'all on the same page?
- As long as it's mine.
- [chuckles]
You know, I'd liked to address
the owners first
before the healthcare vote.
- In due time.
I'm sure they'll be happy
to hear from you.
Now let's begin.
- There's been
an ongoing dialogue
about schedule expansion.
In anticipation of the CBA,
it's time to for clarity
and a consensus
regarding an 18-game schedule.
- Lose two worthless
preseason games
and add two more games
to the schedule.
- That's gonna antagonize
the NFLPA.
- We'll make it part
of a bigger package.
- That's a mistake.
- All in favor of an expanded
schedule say "aye."
[together]
Aye.
- Aye.
- Well, there it is.
Congratulations to our fans.
[laughs]
That's good.
- Shall we move on?
- You have the floor.
- We are the custodians
of an institution.
We owe it to ourselves
to look out
for that institution,
but that starts by looking out
for the people who actually
play the game.
Now our pension package trails
that of every pro sport.
And when you consider that
we're at $43,000 on average...
versus a $57,000 minimum
with the NBA,
when our game
is much more violent
and much more debilitating.
And trust me,
I know about that firsthand.
Jim Brown, Deacon Eller,
Dick Butkus, and Earl Campbell,
they deserve better.
They've earned the right
to be treated right.
And there's no reason
why any of our NFL veterans
should ever go broke
or die lonely
trying to pay medical bills.
We're the gold standard.
We should act like it,
and we should never let
our game
or our NFL veterans
down...ever.
Thank you.
[applause]
- Your passion and dedication
to this issue is
inspiring and infectious.
And we're all excited to dive
into this venture with you.
But after
some thoughtful discussion,
we decided we're gonna
make sure
we're doing this the right way
for the players.
That's gonna mean
postponing this vote
until we have time to really do
the right amount of research
that this deserves.
That's it.
Thank you,
gentlemen and ladies.
Meeting adjourned.
- ♪ Lie, dem a lie,
dem a lie ♪
[Pa Salieu's "Dem a Lie"]
♪ This the life that we live,
muh ♪
♪ Bros out delivering keys ♪
♪ Set it like D Hussy ♪
♪ Them boy phony ♪
♪ Them boy there can't
real a G ♪
♪ Never had re tings ♪
♪ Them boy there
ain't kept it trill, muh ♪
♪ Mussa insane B,
lie pon the net ♪
- Open the fucking window.
You gave me your word.
- I told you I'd try and I did.
- You used me.
- Take care, Spencer.
You got a long season
to get your team ready for.
♪ ♪
- No, people don't just
hand things over.
When they tell you no,
you ask again.
[tires screech, engine revs]
When they still don't
give it to you,
just gotta
fucking take it.
- ♪ Old soul,
old spirit, old soul ♪
♪ Lie, dem a lie, dem a lie ♪
♪ They don't bust not shh,
no way ♪
♪ This the life that we live ♪
♪ And most of dem,
of dem afraid ♪
♪ Lie, dem a lie, dem a lie ♪
♪ They don't bust no shh,
no way ♪
♪ This the life that we live ♪
♪ And most of dem,
of dem afraid ♪
♪ Muh, muh, muh ♪
♪ I came all dark, dark,
no camouflage ♪
♪ Brodie got caught
with numerous photographs ♪
♪ All I see is pages writing
paragraphs ♪
♪ We only did it
'cause of circumstance ♪
♪ Me and bro twinning,
no coincidence ♪
♪ Moves my attire, yeah ♪
♪ Make a billion,
then retire, yeah ♪
♪ King Salieu, call me sire ♪
♪ Came out the dark, eclipse ♪
♪ Ssh, point us at
to the hip ♪
♪ Do it for the game ♪
♪ I'm trying to die rich ♪
♪ Money over hos,
I'm married to the liz' ♪
♪ Fool me once,
you know what it is ♪
♪ No strike two,
it don't work like that ♪
♪ What you know about rich ♪
♪ You ain't done them tasks,
B take ♪
♪ Bad men, they don't last ♪
♪ They call dem a phony ♪
♪ Them boy clown ♪
♪ They ain't took them tours,
they ain't took them rounds ♪
♪ They ain't took
them rounds ♪
♪ They ain't
took them rounds ♪
♪ Lie, dem a lie, dem a lie ♪
♪ They don't bust no shh,
no way ♪
♪ This the life that we live ♪
♪ And most of dem,
of dem afraid ♪
♪ Lie, dem a lie, dem a lie ♪
♪ They don't bust no shh,
no way ♪
♪ This the life that we live ♪
♪ And most of dem,
of dem afraid ♪
♪ Lie, dem a lie, dem a lie ♪
♪ They don't bust no shh,
no way ♪
♪ This the life that we live ♪
♪ And most of dem,
of dem afraid ♪
♪ Muh, muh, muh ♪
[bright tone]
Where the fuck is Patrick?
Playing hide and seek.
I hide him, you seek him.
I'm on my way back to L.A.
right now.
When I land, we're gonna
hammer out this deal.
You wanna make
a fucking deal, bitch?
I'm waiting for you.
♪ (MUSIC PLAYS) ♪
SPENCER STRASMORE:
Some people are in a
constant state of conflict.
They need it to survive.
Mighty hero returns
with the spoils of war.
I love the radio show.
We want to make your show
a platform
for bigger opportunities.
You trying to turn me
into Steve Harvey?
For someone
with a lot of opinions,
you ain't got no answers.
What's wrong with you, Charles?
You stressing out
about your deal?
STRASMORE: Others despise it,
but no matter how hard they try,
they can't avoid it.
-I had a couple heart attacks.
-What?!
(SHOUTING)
STRASMORE: Where do I stand?
Do you need to ask?
The old guard is in charge.
And they're taking us down
a path that will end
with the demise
of our great game.
The future of football is
with the players and the fans.
-(GLASS BREAKS)
-♪ (MUSIC CONCLUDES) ♪